<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
    <head>
        <title>Works by Lewis Carroll</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/epub.css" />
    </head>
    
    <body>
        <section epub:type="backmatter">
            
            <h1 class = "bold lit center">Works by Lewis Carroll.</h1>
            <h2 class = "caps center">Miniature editions.</h2>
            <h3 class = "italic center">Illustrated. Pott 8vo.</h3>
            
            <ul>
                <li><span class = "bold caps">Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.</span> 2s. net.</li>
                <li><span class = "bold caps">Through the looking-glass, and what Alice found there.</span> 2s. net.</li>
                <li><span class = "bold caps">The hunting of the Snark.</span> 2s. net.</li>
                <li><span class = "bold caps">Phantasmagoria, and other poems.</span> 2s. net.</li>
                <li><hr/></li>
                <li><span class = "bold caps">Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.</span> With Forty-two Illustrations by Tenniel. (First published in 1865.) Crown 8vo, cloth, gilt edges, price 8s. 6d. net</li>
                <li><span class = "bold caps">The same; people's edition.</span> (First published in 1887.) Crown 8vo, cloth, price 4s. 6d. net.</li>
                <li><span class = "bold caps">The same; Illustrated pocket classics.</span> Feap, 8vo, cloth with full gilt back and gilt top, 3s. 6d. net. Limp leather, with full gilt back and gilt edges, 5s. net.</li>
                <li><span class = "bold caps">The same; children's edition.</span> With Illustrations by Tenniel, sixteen being in colour. Pott 4to, 6s. net.</li>
                <li><span class = "bold caps">The same.</span> 8vo, sewed, 9d.; cloth, 1s. 3d.</li>
                <li><span class = "bold caps">Through the looking-glass, and what Alice found there.</span> With Fifty Illustrations by Tenniel. (First published in 1871.) Crown 8vo, cloth, gilt edges, price 8s. 6d. net.</li>
                <li><span class = "bold caps">The same; people's edition.</span> (First published in 1887.) Crown 8vo, cloth, price 4s.6d. net.</li>
                <li><span class = "bold caps">Through the looking-glass, and what Alice found there; Illustrated pocket classics.</span> Feap. 8vo, cloth, with full gilt back and gilt top, 3s.6d.net. Limp leather, with full gilt back and gilt edges, 5s. net.</li>
                <li><span class = "bold caps">The same; children's edition.</span> With illustrations by Tenniel, sixteen being in colour. Pott 4to,6s. net.</li>
                <li><span class = "bold caps">The same.</span> 8vo, sewed, 9d.; cloth, 1s. 3d.</li>
                <li><span class = "bold caps">Alice's Adventures in Wonderland; and through the looking-glass; people's editions.</span> Both books together in One Volume (First published in 1887.) Crown 8vo, cloth, price 8s. 6d. net.</li>
                <li><span class = "bold caps">Alice's Adventures in Wonderland; and through the looking-glass.</span> With Ninety-two Illustrations by Tenniel, eight being in colour. 8vo, 10s. net.</li>
                <li><span class = "bold caps">Sylvie and Bruno concluded.</span> With Forty-six Illustrations by Harry Furniss. (First published in 1893.) Crown 8vo, cloth, gilt edges, price 8s. 6d. net.</li>
                <li><span class = "bold caps margin">The Story of Sylvie and Bruno.</span> In One Volume. With Illustrations by Harry Furniss. Crown 8vo, 6s. net.</li>
            </ul>
            
            <p>MACMILLAN &amp; CO., <span class = "smallcaps">Ltd.</span>, LONDON.</p>
            
        </section>
    </body>
</html>
